std_algos: part 5/10 (#390)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdReplaceCopy.rst

``replace_copy``
=================

Header: ``<Kokkos_StdAlgorithms.hpp>``

Description
-----------

> Copies the elements from a given range ``[first_from, last_from)`` to another range
> beginning at ``first_to`` or from ``view_from`` to ``view_to`` replacing 
> with ``new_value`` all elements that equal ``old_value``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copies the elements from a given range ``[first_from, last_from)`` to another range
beginning at ``first_to``, while replacing all elements that equal ``old_value`` 
with ``new_value``.
The overload taking a ``View`` uses the ``begin`` and ``end`` iterators of the ``View``.
```
